# Change Tracking Process
Andy Wallace
:doctype: article
:encoding: utf-8
:lang: en
:toc: left
:numbered:

Tags: [Leaders as decision Architects](https://hbr.org/2015/05/leaders-as-decision-architects)

# Context

This AD record is to identify the Change Tracking Process followed when updating this repository.

Reference AD-0001 while updating or changing this ADR.

Before any changes are considered, the home page and Plan page should be reviewed to maintain focus. Changes to these areas are carefully considered. The deploy automation is the primary goal and the reason for creating a development environment as automate as possible.

Questions to consider:
* What is the current state?
* What is the goal of the change being considered?
* Outline the steps to the Goal that can be accomplished.

Once decided, consider the following phases:
* Prepare Phase
* Design Phase
* Execute Phase
* Sustain Phase

Note that the state of the repository at the time this ADR is being drafted provides an automated approach to creating a development enviroment on a Virtual Machine running in workstation memory.

The decision outlined in ADR-0001 Identifies ADR sections that new ideas can be focused on. Specifically **Consequences** and **Experience Report**.

These sections of this ADR will be focused on the Change Process for this repository.

Once is is felt that the Change Process is sufficiently outlined, the **status** for this ADR will be moved from **Proposed** to **Accepted**.

The current environments this work is being done on is primarily a Windows 10 workstation with additional experimentation and validating on a Mac system.

## Decision

The Change Tracking Process for this repository:

1. As new ideas emerge:
    - the "New Emerging Concepts and Tools" section of the Team Tools page is updated with relevent links
    - New ADR record(s) is established and updated prior to making relevant changes.
2. Changes made to any relevent sub-directory are considered with existing README files leading to the sub-directory. Changes are made to the README files with full repository considerations if needed.
3. Consider updates and changes to Unit and System test plans. (Probably need an ADR dedicated to testing).
4. If new tool is required for the website and/or implementation stack it is added to the website footers page.

# Status
Proposed.

# Consequences


# Experience Report

# References
* [Change Management Process](https://www.educational-business-articles.com/change-management-process/) 
* [Kotter's 8-Step Change Model](https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_82.htm)

